yeah you really do you know he's I've
met I've been lucky enough to have made
him quite a few times now and he's uh
impresses me every time with me you know
meet him and meets his family's really
is an incredible man I am you know I
think it's obviously it's an amazing
sporting event you know a sporting event
that he's one of the biggest sporting
events in in history so for that to
happen now in in London especially the
East End of London it's it's an exciting
time you can feel it you know I touched
down yesterday and you can feel the
excitement building and especially being
around the Olympic Park yesterday you
know you can feel the you know the
atmosphere building must have changed so
many it has yeah it has you know I was
saying that was I was driving home
yesterday there's so many different
parts of you know this you know this
part of London just totally changed now
it's it's amazing to see it's you know
for being involved in obviously the big
team that actually got the Olympics in
London it's I feel very proud of that
you know it's gotten really quick you
know for it to you know all come to life
now and to see you know the Olympic Park
bill you know everything and the
athletes start to arrive you know it's
exciting
you know I'm privileged to still you
know be being involved in this you know
like you said I was involved seven years
ago and Seb's kept me involved since
then you know I feel very honored with
that you know the time I said I felt a
bit strange being involved in a Olympic
bid team because I'd never obviously
performed in the Olympics never been an
Olympian so to obviously to be asked to
be part of that bid team I was very very
honoured and then you know steps like I
said steps a amazing master amazing
things you know leading up to this
Olympics and and continuing to do
amazing things and you know for him to
keep me involved like I said I feel
privileged
you know he's talked to me about doing a
few things I'm playing a small part in
the opening ceremony which I'm excited
about and then no no I can't I'd love to
back on because it's exciting but you
know it's it's gonna it's gonna be good
but then throughout the games you know
obviously our season continues to go
through so I'll be going back and
forward and playing games and then
coming back to to feel the atmosphere
and to to go to some of the events you
know because you know with the with the
games being here you know I want to take
my children and I want them to
experience an Olympic Games here in
London so you know I'll be doing certain
things last time we spoke about that
you're concerned your kids might be
supporting Team USA I think they're
gonna support whatever great athletes
you know performing and we've got a
enormous amount of talent in our country
so first off they'll be supporting us of
course Team GB and then you know we live
in the u.s. so we know how many great
athletes there are over there and what
talent there is they'll be coming here
so it's going to be exciting to see some
of the you know the talent that will be
you know will be on show no I don't
think so
don't think so